Welcome back guys.
Now I'm very proud of everyone for getting this far.
What you've written up till now is a lot of the fundamental react and Redux code.
Much of the patterns that you're writing are pretty much the patterns.
90 percent of what you will write when building an application there is 10 percent where things get
more advanced and more complicated when it comes to perhaps building more complex features.
But the approach of breaking it one at a time and then fitting it inside of the existing flow of how
we've been writing our react and Redux code is going to be definitely the sticking point of why your
career as a javascript developer especially with react will all pay off in the end.
Now up until this point we've been building new features with our react and Redux flow.
But there's a couple things that we can actually move over and I want to do right now because we want
to practice this pattern that we've been writing when building all the things that we've built in the
last few lessons in order for us to figure out what they are.
Let's take a look back at our application so there's a couple places right now where we're storing on
a component state the things that we can actually move into our redux in our home page.
We have our directory if you remember on our home page component on our home page component inside of
our directory we keep the sections that we display inside of the state.
But this is actually something that perhaps we can move in to our store because there's a opportunity
for us to possibly move these sections into more than one component.
For example if right now what we're displaying does not maybe work in a mobile view right.
If our application shrinks and we want to display our directory in a way that's more mobile friendly
we can pretty much just pull in the same array and then create a component that displays it in a mobile
friendly way another place where we can modify is actually our shop.
Right now we're keeping all of the collection data inside of our shop state and we do store it inside
of the shop data.
Right.
DOJ us but it is being technically held on the shop component inside of the state and we can move this
out as well because eventually we do want that same data to populate our category pages when we build
that.
So for example inside of our collections preview right now we show the first four items in each category
but in the actual category page itself we want to show all the items.
So we want to be able to share that data inside of our redux state so everything will have access to
it so let's start doing that and get a better practice of our ReACT read stuff.
The first thing I want to move out is actually what's in our directory component and for us to do this.
We can make a directory redux folder so let's close some of this stuff and inside of our redux we will
make a new folder called directory.
Now we don't have anything that actually updates these sections so we don't actually need any actions.
We just want a place to store are directory literally at State.
So we'll just make a reducer so we'll do directory reducer dot J.S. and for our reducer we are just
going to set our initial state first and our national state will point to this directory information
and it will pretty much be the default state.
Now you might be wondering is there really a reason for us to move this outside of our directory class
component if we're not going to update it or if we don't currently have another component that's going
to pull it in Well this is actually where there's a lot of debate about whether or not it's worth it
to keep one time use on modifiable data inside of a component.
Some people say that it's a little bit of overkill to move this data where it's only being used in one
place and not being updated into redux but there's actually a benefit to doing this that we will not
explore until later on the course inside of our testing section.
But one thing that we've largely not talked about is testing.
And the reason why is because testing it's extremely important inside of web development.
But it's really important to grasp the fundamentals before we start writing our tests because testing
and learning about testing really makes sense once you grasp the fundamentals of what it is that you're
writing because in a way testing is its own thing that builds upon the fundamental understanding that
you already have.
But to the original point moving our state outside of our component and into their own reduced hours
actually makes it easier to test but we won't talk about that for now.
I just want you to perhaps think about what's to come.
But it also sets us up in a way so that in the future if we do need to use these sections again we already
have the code set up for us.
There's no harm in doing it.
And it allows our directory component in some ways to be more reusable.
So now that we have our directory reducer let's actually build a reduce code so I'll say concept directory
reducer equals this
that takes a state if we remember right which by default will be the initial state and then we're also
going to have our action
and what we'll say is a switch statement on action type but inside we'll just write our default which
is to return state.
This is perfectly fine if we have more actions that might modify the state.
We'll bring them in after but for now this is good enough and we'll export out our directory reducer
now inside of our root reducer.
We gotta remember to bring in our new reducer.
Our directory reducer from directory directory reducer and then let's point to the directory reducer
under the directory key and now inside of our directory component we can just simply pull that component
or sorry pull the connect and write our hired or connect component from react redux
and here we will actually write our connect.
So because we don't need this local state anymore we can just render a regular Functional Component
because we don't need
access to state.
So there's no reason to use a class component so let's get rid of extra brackets here
and then we'll make sure to pull the sections
our props that we get in and then we'll write our map state to props where we can write our directory
selector
so we'll make a new directory.
Dot selectors dot J.S. and here we're going to import create selector from re select we're gonna make
our first selector which is our directory selector select directory equals a function that gets the
state and just returns us state DOT directory and then we'll actually write our first selector which
will be select directory section shall be equal to create selector taking in our select directory and
then outputting directory
directory dot section freight selector so let's bring that into our directory component
it will be from our redux folder
directory slash directory.
Selectors
and we want our select directory sections as well as our create structured selector
reseller so it's definitely a lot of files and a lot of moving around and jumping between these files
importing the right libraries and remembering all these things.
It took me a long time to get fully comfortable with being able to just remember all the moving parts
as well but again practice makes perfect so we will call create structured selector passing our sections
or select directories section and then we will connect
PA directory with our map stage props and now double imported okay.
And now if we look we see that in our final application on our home page our code still works.
We have our directory and we have our sections inside of our state so it's definitely a lot of files
to remember.
And even then we're not writing any actions.
But even this is still good practice just to remember all of the parts of flowing through writing a
new reducer attaching it to our state pulling it into our components practice makes perfect.
The more practice we have the better it gets.
So now let's do this for our shop before we build our category pages because we'll definitely need our
shop in its own reducer.